fix(s3): update bucket website doc MTA-3696 (#2175)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/how-to/use-bucket-website.mdx

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-website-settings.webp" alt="" />
    The **index** and **error** files are commonly named `index.html` and `error.html`, respectively. You may have already uploaded these files to your bucket, or you can upload them later. Either way, their names must be specified now.

    <Message type="tip">
      - The index file is the default or home page for the website. It serves as an index to the other pages of the site.
      - The error file defines the page that displays in case of an error, for example if a user tries to access a page of your website that does not exist.

    Here is an example of the contents of a basic `index.html` file:

      ```html
      <!doctype html>
      <html>
        <head>
          <title>My Website</title>
        </head>
        <body>
          <div id="main">
              <h1>Hi! Welcome to my website.</h1>
          </div>
        </body>
      </html>
      ```

    Here is an example of the contents of a basic `error.html` file:
3. Click **Enable bucket website** in the **bucket settings** tab. A pop-up appears.

>       ```html

Reviewer: Will we put this info (and for the index file) somewhere else, maybe at the end of the document in a tip box? It might help out users who want to quickly test the feature before using their own complex content?

  - You have [created an Object Storage bucket](/storage/object/how-to/create-a-bucket/)
</Message>

## How to enable the bucket website feature

1. Click **Object Storage** in the **Storage** section of the side menu. The list of your buckets displays.
2. Click the name of the bucket you wish to host your website on.

3. Click **Enable bucket website** in the **bucket settings** tab. A pop-up appears.

4. Click the <Icon name="toggle" /> icon to enable the feature.

5. Enter the names of the **index** and **error** files of your website.

>     The **index** and **error** files are commonly named `index.html` and `error.html`, respectively. You may have already uploaded these files to your bucket, or you can upload them later. Either way, their names and paths must be specified now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The **index** and **error** files are commonly named `index.html` and `error.html`, respectively. You may have already uploaded these files to your bucket, or you can upload them later. Either way, their names and paths must be specified at this step.
```

    <Message type="important">
      - The index and error files must be located at the root of your bucket, rather than in a folder.
      - When Bucket Website is enabled, a default [bucket policy](/storage/object/concepts/#bucket-policy) is applied. All objects in the bucket then become publicly visible. You can create your own bucket policy to change the visibility settings [via CLI](/storage/object/api-cli/bucket-policy/).
    </Message>
6. Click **Save configuration** to confirm. The details of your website configuration display. 

>     You can now [upload the **index** and the **error** files](/storage/object/how-to/upload-files-into-a-bucket/) to your bucket, if you haven't already done so, as well as the other files that make up your static website. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can now [upload the **index** and the **error** files](/storage/object/how-to/upload-files-into-a-bucket/) to your bucket, if you have not already done so, as well as the other files that make up your static website. 
```

>     You can now [upload the **index** and the **error** files](/storage/object/how-to/upload-files-into-a-bucket/) to your bucket, if you haven't already done so, as well as the other files that make up your static website. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    You can now [upload the **index** and **error** files](/storage/object/how-to/upload-files-into-a-bucket/) to your bucket, if you haven't already done so, as well as the other files that make up your static website. 
```
